!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.6	//
PageRepository	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    public PageRepository(String fileName) throws IOException{$/;"	m	class:PageRepository
PageRepository	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    public PageRepository(boolean useDefault) throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:PageRepository
PageRepository	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^public class PageRepository {$/;"	c
PageRepositoryTest	./src/test/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepositoryTest.java	/^    public PageRepositoryTest(String testName) {$/;"	m	class:PageRepositoryTest
PageRepositoryTest	./src/test/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepositoryTest.java	/^public class PageRepositoryTest extends TestCase {$/;"	c
QueryEntry	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^class QueryEntry {$/;"	c
ResourceLoader	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/ResourceLoader.java	/^public class ResourceLoader {$/;"	c
SearchResultEntry	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/SearchResultEntry.java	/^    public SearchResultEntry(String title, String url) {$/;"	m	class:SearchResultEntry
SearchResultEntry	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/SearchResultEntry.java	/^class SearchResultEntry {$/;"	c
add	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    public void add(QueryEntry entry) {$/;"	m	class:PageRepository
addSearchResultEntry	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    public void addSearchResultEntry(SearchResultEntry entry) {$/;"	m	class:QueryEntry
buildQueryEntry	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    public static QueryEntry buildQueryEntry(String entryData)$/;"	m	class:QueryEntry
dataFileName	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    private String dataFileName;$/;"	f	class:PageRepository	file:
defaultDataFileName	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    private static String defaultDataFileName = "res:\/\/searchResult.txt";$/;"	f	class:PageRepository	file:
edu.indiana.cs.docsim.data	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^package edu.indiana.cs.docsim.data;$/;"	p
edu.indiana.cs.docsim.data	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^package edu.indiana.cs.docsim.data;$/;"	p
edu.indiana.cs.docsim.data	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/ResourceLoader.java	/^package edu.indiana.cs.docsim.data;$/;"	p
edu.indiana.cs.docsim.data	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/SearchResultEntry.java	/^package edu.indiana.cs.docsim.data;$/;"	p
edu.indiana.cs.docsim.data	./src/test/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepositoryTest.java	/^package edu.indiana.cs.docsim.data;$/;"	p
equals	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/SearchResultEntry.java	/^    public boolean equals(Object another) {$/;"	m	class:SearchResultEntry
getAbsolutePath	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/ResourceLoader.java	/^  public static String getAbsolutePath(String fileName) throws Exception {$/;"	m	class:ResourceLoader
getContent	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/ResourceLoader.java	/^  public static String getContent(File file) throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:ResourceLoader
getContent	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/ResourceLoader.java	/^  public static String getContent(String resource) throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:ResourceLoader
getQuery	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    public String getQuery(){$/;"	m	class:QueryEntry
getQueryEntries	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    public List<QueryEntry> getQueryEntries(){$/;"	m	class:PageRepository
getResultCount	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    public int getResultCount(){$/;"	m	class:QueryEntry
getResults	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    public List<SearchResultEntry> getResults(){$/;"	m	class:QueryEntry
getSearchService	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    public String getSearchService(){$/;"	m	class:PageRepository
getTitle	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/SearchResultEntry.java	/^    public String getTitle(){$/;"	m	class:SearchResultEntry
getUrl	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/SearchResultEntry.java	/^    public String getUrl(){$/;"	m	class:SearchResultEntry
hashCode	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/SearchResultEntry.java	/^    public int hashCode() {$/;"	m	class:SearchResultEntry
init	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    private void init(boolean useDefault, String fileName) throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:PageRepository	file:
keyQuery	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    public static String keyQuery = "Query";$/;"	f	class:QueryEntry
keyTitle	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    public static String keyTitle = "Title";$/;"	f	class:QueryEntry
keyTotalResult	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    public static String keyTotalResult = "TotalResult";$/;"	f	class:QueryEntry
keyUrl	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    public static String keyUrl   = "Url";$/;"	f	class:QueryEntry
loadData	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    private void loadData() throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:PageRepository	file:
logger	./src/test/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepositoryTest.java	/^    private static Logger logger =$/;"	f	class:PageRepositoryTest	file:
open	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/ResourceLoader.java	/^  public static InputStream open(String path) throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:ResourceLoader
openResource	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/ResourceLoader.java	/^  public static InputStream openResource(String resource) throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:ResourceLoader
pageRepo	./src/test/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepositoryTest.java	/^    private PageRepository pageRepo;$/;"	f	class:PageRepositoryTest	file:
query	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    private String  query;$/;"	f	class:QueryEntry	file:
queryEntries	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    private List<QueryEntry> queryEntries = new ArrayList<QueryEntry>();$/;"	f	class:PageRepository	file:
resultCount	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    private int     resultCount;$/;"	f	class:QueryEntry	file:
results	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    private List<SearchResultEntry> results = new ArrayList<SearchResultEntry>();$/;"	f	class:QueryEntry	file:
searchService	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    private String searchService;$/;"	f	class:PageRepository	file:
setQuery	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    public void setQuery(String query) {$/;"	m	class:QueryEntry
setQueryEntries	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    public void setQueryEntries(List<QueryEntry> queryEntries) {$/;"	m	class:PageRepository
setResultCount	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    public void setResultCount(int resultCount) {$/;"	m	class:QueryEntry
setResults	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/QueryEntry.java	/^    public void setResults(List<SearchResultEntry> results) {$/;"	m	class:QueryEntry
setSearchService	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepository.java	/^    public void setSearchService(String searchService) {$/;"	m	class:PageRepository
setTitle	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/SearchResultEntry.java	/^    public void setTitle(String title) {$/;"	m	class:SearchResultEntry
setUp	./src/test/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepositoryTest.java	/^    public void setUp() { }$/;"	m	class:PageRepositoryTest
setUrl	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/SearchResultEntry.java	/^    public void setUrl(String url) {$/;"	m	class:SearchResultEntry
suite	./src/test/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepositoryTest.java	/^    public static Test suite() {$/;"	m	class:PageRepositoryTest
testWithLoadingDefaultData	./src/test/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/PageRepositoryTest.java	/^    public void testWithLoadingDefaultData() throws Exception {$/;"	m	class:PageRepositoryTest
title	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/SearchResultEntry.java	/^    private String title;$/;"	f	class:SearchResultEntry	file:
url	./src/main/java/edu/indiana/cs/docsim/data/SearchResultEntry.java	/^    private String url;$/;"	f	class:SearchResultEntry	file:
